Emacs.geometry: 80x50
#Emacs.font: Monospace-8
Emacs.foreground: wheat
Emacs.background: black
Emacs.cursorColor: green
Emacs.menubar: off
xterm.vt100.saveLines: 500
xterm.vt100.scrollBar: false
xterm.vt100.rightScrollBar: true
xterm.vt100.visualBell: true
xterm.vt100.cursorBlink: true
xterm.vt100.background: black
xterm.vt100.foreground: wheat
xterm.vt100.backarrowKey: false
xterm.vt100.colorBDMode: false
xterm*metaSendsEscape: true
;xterm*font: -lfp-lucidaterminal-medium-r-normal--10-100-75-75-c-90-iso8859-1
wterm*font: 6x13
wterm*saveLines: 500
wterm*cursorColor: grey
wterm*transparent: true
wterm*shade: true
wterm*foreground: wheat
wterm*background: blue
wterm*scrollBar_right: true
wterm*visualBell: true
Xft.rgba: rgb
